Proofpoint ThreatProtection integration content-pack. (#35270)
demisto/content: Packs/ProofpointThreatProtection/Integrations/ProofpointThreatProtection/ProofpointThreatProtection_description.md

## Proofpoint Threat Protection

### Proofpoint Threat Protection Integration Setup

> To setup the Proofpoint Threat Protection API XSOAR integration, a Threat Protection API Key and its associated secret must be configured, along with the associated Proofpoint clusterID. ([See API Key Management](https://help.proofpoint.com/Admin_Portal/Settings/API_Key_Management)) for more information regarding Proofpoint Threat Protection API key generation and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Proofpoint Threat Protection API Corrtex XSOAR integration, a Threat Protection API Key and its associated secret must be configured, along with the associated Proofpoint clusterID. ([See API Key Management](https://help.proofpoint.com/Admin_Portal/Settings/API_Key_Management)) for more information regarding Proofpoint Threat Protection API key generation and management.
```

Author: I'm assuming Corrtex here should be Cortex

> #### To Create a new Threat Protection API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### To Create a New Threat Protection API Key
```

1. From within the Proofpoint Admin Portal, navigate to the API Key Management section.

> 2. Click <b>+Create New</b>. The <b>Create New Threat Protection API Key</b> dialog box for the cluster appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **+Create New**. The Create New Threat Protection API Key dialog box for the cluster appears.
```

3. Add a descriptive name for the key. 
4. Click <b>Generate Key</b> to create the key and secret.

> 5. The <b>Create New Threat Protection API Key</b> dialog box displays the key and secret for the currently-selected cluster. Click the page icon next to each cluster to copy the API key and Secret to the clipboard and store them in a safe place. The Secret will not be visible once you close this dialog box. <b>You will need the key and secret to obtain the authentication token for the API service</b>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Create New Threat Protection API Key dialog box displays the key and secret for the currently-selected cluster. Click the page icon next to each cluster to copy the API key and Secret to the clipboard and store them in a safe place. The Secret will not be visible once you close this dialog box. You will need the key and secret to obtain the authentication token for the API service.
```

> #### To Manage previously generated Threat Protection API Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### To Manage Previously Generated Threat Protection API Keys
```

> 1. From within the Proofpoint Admin Portal, navigate to the API Key Management section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Proofpoint Admin Portal, navigate to the API Key Management section.
```

> 2. For each API key previously generated there is an ellipsis providing two choices of action: <b>Renew</b> and <b>Revoke</b>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For each API key previously generated there is an ellipsis providing two choices of action: <b>Renew</b> and <b>Revoke</b>. Select the action as needed.
```
